my major leadership roles ultimately came down to is when I became ah,
chaplain, and the first one I can think of is as as an instructor at
the Chaplain School, I was the person that people would look thio
in leadership roles. And that was precisely. My job is to mold and shape
junior officers many times civilians with no military experience,
or even people who had military experience both enlisted or as a
former officer, and then to shape them and help them kind of around
some of the rough edges what it's like to serve as an officer in the
chaplain corps. The second major opportunity had in leadership was
on L. A P. D. U S s San Antonio, where I was a department head of my
chaplain department but also asked to lead and mentor a department
executive, um, staff, where I had other swell officers under me. Various
rates, administrative rates, PMS, y ends and such. Where I had
a different role, um, or traditional leadership style where I got to
help shape the evil and fit rep process within that avenue